A platform that: connects tutors and students for remote lessons, a community in which students teach each other while helping businesses



Nowadays, finding a private tutor can be a difficult task.
We either need to get a recommendation from a friend or go through an endless list of teachers online and hope for the best. I intend to change that with WeTeach and alter the playing field.

Imagine buying a new car. what are you looking for? Is it speed? Comfort? Low fuel consumption? Leather seats?

The point is that you want the car to be tailor-made specifically to your exact demands. That's hard to do but when it is done right, it is just perfect. 

We have developed WeTeach with that module in mind.

Moreover, as a private tutor myself, I can testify that finding people to teach can also be a difficult endeavor.
Our system will help tutors all over find more students to work with.
          
Finally, the most exciting part of the app is the opportunity to build a community!
Every student can choose to register to a certain course as a "Helping Friend".
That means that every time a student will request a private tutor, the app will notify the other students, and he gets the chance to save money by receiving help from other students who are using the app. The student that teaches a subject will receive "Helping Points" that will be usable in struggling businesses. That action will promote buying at those restaurants/bars, knowingly that students are an economic power to be reckoned with.
                                                                  



With WeTeach, you are able to choose a tailor-made tutor according to your specified needs.

Every student can add his custom made request to the list, and teachers associated with the same course/profession can offer to be his/her private tutor. 
The student is able to choose a teacher from a list of suggestions, according to different criteria such as Price, teacher's experience, other students' reviews of that teacher, etc.
-----------------------------------
By using WeTeach, teachers can find students easier and earn their reputation in our growing community!
Due to the fact that teachers will receive reviews from students, which can be seen by others, they will need to "bring their A game" to every lesson.
-------------------------------
WeTeach will include two kinds of users:

A)Tutors
B)Students

A-The tutor will subscribe to all relevant subjects/courses in which he has profound knowledge. Those predefined settings will enable the teacher to receive all of the associated requests, and look for students who are in need of help.

B-The student will subscribe as a "Helping Friend" in whichever subject he feels comparable enough to help with. This is one of the building blocks of WeTeach's community.

I hope you are as excited as I am towards WeTeach!